Life is a dream
Love is a dream
It has told me all the thing must pass
I'm gonna dream
You're gonna dream
We will repeat over time and time again
Kissing a dream
Missing a dream
I shed a tear in the twilight dark
Beautiful dream
Direful dream
It's like a kaleidocope, I'm within it
Never ask me the why
I cannot see at all
Where is my paradise?
Is it in my insanity?
I lose my awareness
I dream in a doze sweetly
Now everything just melts in my mind
No border of real, some fictional thing
Round about, coming and going away
I wake in a doze thickly
So everything is a fantasy
Hazy, it's amazing that I dream in a dream
Never ask me the why
I cannot see at all
Where is my paradise?
Is it in my insanity?
I lose my awareness
I dream in a doze sweetly
Now everything just melts in my mind
No border of real, some fictional thing
Round about, coming and going away
I wake in a doze thickly
So everything is a fantasy
Hazy, it's amazing that I dream in a dream
Glazy, It's amazing that I dream in a dream